# .get_memory()

## How to run

This all runs in Python 3, so you'll need to get that first. The following commands assume that your Python 3 goes by the alias `python 3`.

First download the source and then cd into the folder using a terminal. To install the dependencies, use the command

   python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt

To play the game, use the command

   python3 run_game.py

The game is played using two windows: the terminal window for text and the pygame window for visuals.

To just generate a new map, use

   python3 run_mapmaker.py
   
The maps can also be implemented in Minecraft using the `mcpi` package. This works without out of the box for the Raspberry Pi version of Minecraft. Just open a world that you don't mind being written over, and run

   python3 run_minecrafter.py

For other versions of Minecfaft, or for [Minetest](http://www.minetest.net/), you'll need to do some setting up first. 


## How to play

You move by pressing *q*, *w*, *a* and *d*. You can also teleport with the space bar. The rest is for you to figure out.

## Why does this game exist?

There are three reasons that this game exists, and which led to it being what it is.

1. It was built during the [Ludum Dare 44 game jam](https://ldjam.com/events/ludum-dare/44), which had the theme "Your life is currency".

2. It was made as an example of using terrain generated by a quantum programs, by the method described in [this blog post](https://medium.com/qiskit/creating-infinite-worlds-with-quantum-computing-5e998e6d21c2).

3. It was made to explore the kinds of labyrinths generated by the classic one-line Commodore 64 program

   ```10 PRINT CHR$(205.5+RND(1)); : GOTO 10```
   
   This was ported into the following quantum program, which is the basis for the labyrinths in the game
   
   ```from qiskit import *; ''.join( [ '╱'*(b=='0') + '╲'*(b=='1') for b in execute(QuantumCircuit().from_qasm_str('include "qelib1.inc";qreg q[1];creg c[1];h q[0];measure q -> c;'),Aer.get_backend('qasm_simulator'),shots=1024,memory=True).result().get_memory()])```